State Management
----------------
What is state?
 1. Data in external data stores - configuration.
    a. How to do something
    b. What threshold to use
 2. Ticker durations.
    a. Processing - policy based on timeseries profile.
    b. Polling
 3. Client state set via actuation.  Processing status.
    a. Rate Limiting
       - Rate Limit
       - Rate Burst
    b. Routing
       - Route To  (Primary/Secondary)
       - Route Percent
       - Routing Code  (FO/RD)


 Deeper into state
 A. External data store.
     1. Observation
        a. timeseries - not really state as it is not used to determine agent behavior - ephemeral
        b. access log - state initialization/reinitialization
           - rate limiting
           - redirect
           - failover
     2. Operations
        a. assignments
        b. partitions
     3. Guidance
        a. egress controller
           - failover
           - redirect
        b. ingress controller
           - redirect
           - percentile
        c. system scheduler clock??

 B. Tickers

 Need to create a synchronization or true up policy to ensure consistency of in memory state
   1. Need to determine read and write access.
      a. Need to manage costs of reads
         - constrain polling to off-peak hours for state that is slow changing, or has a scheduled change window,
           keeping required data consistency
         - reduce the number of agents who are polling. Can 1 agent poll and broadcast message to other
           agents
   2. How to handle state changes where constant polling is needed.
      a. High degree of data consistency, changes to state -> changes to agent behavior
      b. State change to an external data store must be immediately reflected in agent state
      c. Egress and ingress controllers




We are really talking all agent state, which includes data stored in an external data store, but
durations used for observation activation


How to manage interaction with a backing data store over the following priorities:
  1. Cost
     a. Database calls - explicit monetary cost
     b. Stale data

Data retrieval strategies:
  1. Continuous polling.
     a. Data consistency - high
     b. Data cost - high
  2. Scheduled update.
     a. Data consistency - low
     b. Data cost - low

How do we define and achieve the appropriate level of data consistency?
  1. Rate of change - can this be managed, system generated or customer generated
  2. Time of change - can this be reasonably constrained?
